Added changes from public comments in PR #374 (#533)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

#### 6.4.1.1 Contour-based zones

> For contour-based zones, the contour of the mobile robot (including its load) determines zone entry and exit. Any part of the contour entering the zone is considered a zone entry. When the full contour has left the zone, it is considered a zone exit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For contour-based zones, the contour of the mobile robot (including its load) determines zone entry and exit. Any part of the contour entering the zone is a zone entry. As soon as no part of the mobile robot's contour remains within the zone, it is a zone exit.
```

![Figure 20 allowedDeviationXY ellipse](./assets/ellipse.png)
>Figure 20 - allowedDeviation ellipse

> A fleet control system which does not internally support ellipses can choose `a` = `b` and `theta` = 0.0 to define a circle. A mobile robot which does not internally support ellipses can choose the smaller half axis as a circle radius and ignore `theta`  to still comply to a given ellipse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The suggested last will topic structure is:

> **uagv/v3/manufacturer/SN/connection**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
